docs: Add information about "duration" API parameter (#32)
kubevirt/vm-console-proxy: docs/api.md

and name of a running VMI.

#### Parameters

> - `duration` - Duration while the token is valid. If it is not specified, then the token will expire after 10 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `duration` -  Time in which the token is valid. If it is not specified, then the token will expire after 10 minutes.
```
Feel free to reword my suggestion. But in any case, I find a bit redundant to define "duration" starting with the word "duration".

Author: I think that wording "Time in which" is unclear if it is a specific time moment, or a duration.

>   Minimum value is 1 second, and maximum is not limited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The minimum `duration` value is 1 second, and there is not maximum value. 
```

Author: done
